## Pipeline Steps

The Accuracy Shared Branches pipeline assesses the improvement in identifying branches as shared in tree pairs. This is important for tree parameter inference (see the Divergence Time Estimation pipeline). If a branch is assumed to be shared amongst a subset of segment trees, information all the segment trees can be used together at that point in the tree as we believe that all segment trees share the same ancestral history at that point.

1. Use the julia package [ARGTools](https://github.com/PierreBarrat/ARGTools) to simulate recombination of eight segments with the flu/kingman coalescence model. See the [docs](https://github.com/PierreBarrat/ARGTools/tree/extended_newick_clean#simulations) for information on how these simulations are completed. Obtain individual segment trees for each segment in the ARG.
2. Randomly remove internal branches with probability $$e^{\frac{-\tau}{cN}}.$$ The parameter $N$ corresponds to the population size and $\tau$ is the branch length - branches are scaled to generation number as ARGTools uses a coalescence model. The parameter $c$ is determined in [MTKTools](https://github.com/anna-parker/MTKTools) and has been chosen to result in trees with a desired resolution rate (typically between 0.3 and 0.4 for influenza).
3. Take random subsamples of size $2 \leq K \leq 8$ trees and use MultiTreeKnit to infer the MCCs of all tree pairs in this random subset, in this process TreeKnit will additionally resolve each tree using every other tree (The $K=2$ case corresponds to standard TreeKnit). 
4. For each subsample of trees calculate the accuracy of shared branch labeling using `MTKTools.accuracy_shared_branches`. This takes a randomly chosen tree pair, with the true trees, the inferred trees and the true and inferred MCCs. For both the true and inferred trees and MCCs it calculates which branches are shared between tree pairs and not shared between tree pairs (using the `MTK.map_shared_branches` functionality). Then for each tree and its corresponding true tree it does the following: for all branches in the inferred tree check if their split exists in the true tree (i.e. if this branch is correct), if it exists check if is marked as a shared branch in both trees (TP), only in the real tree (FN), only in the inferred tree (FP) or in neither tree (TN). Additionally calculate how many branches in the true tree are shared and not shared for comparison. All values are additionally normalized the total number of branches in the tree ($2n - 1$). 
5. Write a summary of results to a txt file.
6. Plot results.
7. Remove unnecessary files and zip output files.
